OZ-552: Implementer guide for overriding configs in Ozone Distro (#9)
ozone-his/ozone-docs: docs/override-configs.md

## Enabling/disabling components

To enable/disable components in Ozone, you need to modify the configurations in the [docker-compose-files.txt](https://github.com/ozone-his/ozone-docker-compose/blob/main/scripts/docker-compose-files.txt) in the ozone-docker-compose for your Ozone deployment. Here's how you can do it:

> **Access the excutable files**

Reviewer: > excutable

This is not an executable file.
It's more of a configuration file, or a manifest.

> Navigate to the docker-compose-files.txt file in the ozone-docker-compose.

Reviewer: Not sure what that means.
> in the ozone-docker-compose.

Are you talking about the repo? A folder?

Actually, in the case of a child distribution of Ozone, one must create a new file (in the `scripts/` folder) and I think add a build step in the pom to override the file provided by the Ozone Docker Compose with the one provided locally.

**Enable/disable a component**

> To enable a component, you need to provide it's excutable file in the ozone-docker-compose.

Reviewer: This in not clear, or not true.

Something such as this is more accurate:
```suggestion
To enable a component, you need to add the name of the corresponding Docker Compose file in the docker-compose-files.txt.
```

Could you provide an example here?

> To disable a component, you need to remove it's excutable file in the ozone-docker-compose.

Reviewer: Same as above.

**Restart Ozone Services**

> After making the necessary changes to enable or disable components, restart the Ozone services. Run the command `./stop-demo.sh` to stop the services, followed by `./start-demo.sh` to start them again with the updated configuration.

Reviewer: One must rebuild the project.

**Verify changes**:

> Once the services are restarted, verify that the desired components are now enabled or disabled as intended. Access the Ozone components and check for the presence or absence of the components based on your configuration changes.

Reviewer: Running a `docker compose -p ozone ps` command could be a good way to see if the services are correctly started.

Reviewer: Even better:
`docker compose -p ozone ps --format "table {{.Name}} \t {{.Image}} \t {{.Status}}"`

## Swap Odoo integration with ERPNext

> Ozone comes with Odoo as a default ERP system. To swap the Odoo integration with ERPNext, you need to override the defalut config in the [docker-compose-file.txt](https://github.com/ozone-his/ozone-docker-compose/blob/main/scripts/docker-compose-files.txt) and replace `docker-compose-odoo.yml` with `docker-compose-erpnext.yml`.

Reviewer: > default

Reviewer: Those instructions are not correct.
One should not override the contents of the file, but instead, as explained above, add a new file altogether which will be overriding the default one upon build
